feat: Adding the `nearby-distance-meter-class` property for Quarkus and Spring (#687)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/integration/config-properties.adoc

The other possible value is `GIZMO`.
endif::[]

{property_prefix}timefold.solver.{solver_name_prefix}nearby-distance-meter-class::
Enable the xref:enterprise-edition/enterprise-edition.adoc#nearbySelection[Nearby Selection] quick configuration.
If the Nearby Selection distance meter class is specified,
the solver evaluates the available move selectors

> and autoconfigures the Nearby Selection feature for the compatible move selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and automatically enables Nearby Selection for the compatible move selectors.
```
